Fixed link in tune that was not working (#5331)
ray-project/ray: python/ray/tune/README.rst

Tutorial
--------

> To get started with Tune, try going through `our tutorial of using Tune with Keras <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/python/ray/tune/examples/tune_mnist_keras.py>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Tune, try going through `our tutorial of using Tune with Keras <https://github.com/ray-project/tutorial/blob/master/tune_exercises/exercise_1_basics.ipynb>`__.
```
